Hello everybody and if you're here thank
you so much. We have a long way to go and
hopefully this is the beginning of an
amazing adventure. Today we're gonna
tackle the CRM system, what is CRM and
ultimately how we're gonna utilize it
for our benefit. Customer relationship
management is the way that we catalog
every interaction from our ads and our
posts and basically the people that
interact with us. The first step is to
download Notion or open your account in
Notion, you can open in your browser. I
have it on both my desktop and my
browser and once you have an account with
Notion it's gonna look like this.
Welcome to Notion, simple stuff. If you
don't know what Notion is just
think about it as like an excel sheet on
steroids. No, you can add different
things to your tables that in an excel
sheet look kind of dull and uninspiring.
Notion is a good tool to put ideas into
place. So you're gonna click on the link
that you have on your portal and it looks
like this. It's the duplicate for
clients, you are my client and this is a
duplicate for you. What you're gonna do
now and now that you have your Notion
account open, you're gonna click on the
menu over here and you're gonna say
duplicate to your workspace. It's gonna
look like your name, your workspace, it
takes a second and now it creates a
duplicate inside your Notion files. This
is where the magic
happens, right? So let's
go to my Instagram. Your ad is going to
generate a bunch of likes, a bunch of
comments, a bunch of follows. I'm gonna
show you how we deal with a
follow, how we deal with a like or any
interaction. So let's see, people
follow me from my ads. So I go to their
profile and obviously businesses interact
with me, right? Regular people will
interact with you but it is important to
see who they are, what they do and
ultimately give them a little something
to respond to. So you're gonna say...
This message is "Hello, thank you for the
follow, how is the store going?" Because
obviously this is pertinent to what I do
as a business but you can do, if you run
a hair salon, you can say "Oh, like I can
see your hair looks
good, when do you do?"
Like, you know, I don't run a hair salon,
right? But there are
questions that you can, there are
interactions you can have with your
customers that are not robotic, we're
not trying to make a sale, we are trying
to create a relationship and it is a
relationship that will last a long time.
It's a relationship where a customer
becomes a fan, it becomes an advocate for
your brand, right? So...
We send a message and now you're gonna
copy the... Now you're
gonna copy the Instagram
link of the conversation, you are going
to go to your CRM and you're going to say
first, the username is BestBuds, the
message link is copied,
the status here, I'm gonna
say it's a new lead, we're gonna change
the labels on these
according to your industry
and we're going to say "remind me a week
from now", that's all
you have to do. So now
over here in the lower section of my
Notion file, you have now
BestBuds, which is my new
follower, right? And in, let's say that I
had the date for today,
it will appear here. So it
automatically will remind you when to...
If you click on the
conversation link, it will take you
to the conversation. So now you have a
reminder and a link to go
back to every time you need to
talk to your customer. And you can make
notes on your CRM system. Now you can
They run ACVD store, no response yet.
We'll check next week. And the important
part is to space them
out in a way that feels natural, that
it's not too pushy, where you can send
coupons from time to
time. This is a major thing. Every like,
every comment, we catalog it in the CRM
system. And that way,
we are always on top of the people that
are interested in our brand that...
So in short, this is a very easy way to
stay on top of customers, potential
clients, leads. This is
where the magic happens because this is
happens. A customer requires
really where the magic
a certain amount of repeated interactions
with your content for them
to purchase. So it's important
to stay on top of who is interested and
who can benefit from your
product. Like, we're all human.
We all need things and we are all
providing products and
services that are important.
So let's get out there and let's make
more relationships.
Let's make more people happy
with the things that
we create. Thank you.